Improved update instructions + command fix (#235)
shlinkio/shlink: README.md

    If you don't run this command regularly, the stats will say all visits come from *unknown* locations.

* Generate website previews: `/path/to/shlink/bin/cli short-url:process-previews`

    Running this will improve the performance of the `doma.in/abc123/preview` URLs, which return a preview of the site.

## Update to new version

When a new Shlink version is available, you don't need to repeat the whole process yourself.

> Instead, download the new version to a new directory, rename the old directory to something else, then rename the new directory to the previous name of the old directory, and then inside the new directory (which now has the name of the old directory), run the script `bin/update`.

Reviewer: Instead of this long paragraph, try using a list of steps instead.

```suggestion
Instead, follow these steps:

* Rename the old version's directory.
* Download the new version and extract it using the old name.
* Run the `bin/update` script in the new version's directory.
```

    However, you probably don't want to consume the raw API yourself. That's why a nice [web client](https://github.com/shlinkio/shlink-web-client) is provided that can be directly used from [https://app.shlink.io](https://app.shlink.io), or you can host it yourself too.

Both the API and CLI allow you to do the same operations, except for API key management, which can be done from the command line interface only.

> ## Shlink CLI Help

Reviewer: In order to be consistent with other section titles, place just one empty line before the title and one empty line after the title.

Also, I would include this as a subsection (`h3` instead if `h2`) of [Using shlink](https://github.com/shlinkio/shlink#using-shlink).
